# Source Code

The scripts `chemistry_May.Rmd` and `chemistry_Oct.Rmd` contain calculations and other manipulation conducted on the data from both cruises.

The script `QC_check.Rmd` compares the RSA data to historical observations from the northwest Atlantic.

The folder `CTD-sal-processing` contains scripts used to process the raw CTD and salinity data, including
* `CTDprelim.Rmd`, which contains old R code originally used to load raw CTD files from both cruises.
* `CTDprocess_May.m` and `CTDprocess_Oct.m`, which contain up-to-date processing code for the raw CTD files from both cruises.
* `mixedLayer.m`, which calculates mixed-layer depths for all study sites in May and October.
* `SalinityProcess_May.Rmd` and `SalinityProcess_Oct.Rmd`, which contain code used to process salinity data from both the CTD and bottle samples measured by Dave Wellwood.

The folder `mixing-model` contains scripts used to run the Bayesian mixing model, including
* four `Bayesian_*.R` scripts that create the models for May: at the surface (`_may.R`), May: at the bottom (`_may2.R`), October: at the surface (`_oct.R`), and October: at the bottom: (`_oct2.R`).
* five `.txt` files that provide the models generated by the `Bayesian_*.R` files.
* four `slurm` scripts used to submit the `Bayesian_*.R` processing jobs to the Poseidon cluster.

The folder `visualisation` contains any scripts used to visualise the data, including
* `StationMap.Rmd`, which creates various maps of the sampling sites and survey area.
* two `propProp_*.Rmd` scripts, which create property-property plots of the data from both cruises.
* two `maps_*.Rmd` scripts, which create spatial visualisations of the data from both cruises.
* `ScallopDataVis.Rmd`, which creates several plots visualising scallop data from both cruises, including some maps.
* `Voronoi_mapping.Rmd`, which provides a subset of the `maps_*.Rmd` scripts exclusively for producing and mapping Voronoi natural-neighbor polygons for the survey area.
